title: Our Cancellation Policies
preview_text: >
  We provide a set standard of cancellation policy to help facilitate issues and changes in plan from
  the host or the traveller.
c_builder:
  - 
    type: wysiwyg_b
    bard: "<p>While in a perfect world the need for cancellation wouldn't exist, in the real world things don't always go as planned. So for when the unexpected happens, we have carefully determined the best way to handle issues and protect everyone involved. <i><b>We also highly encourage that if you plan to cancel a reservation, to contact the host or traveler and discuss the cancellation with them as well.</b>&nbsp;</i><br></p><h2>Who can cancel?</h2><p>Any traveler or host may cancel a reservation. Additionally in severe circumstances, upCLOSE-RV's staff may need to intervene and cancel a reservation. The process of cancelling reservations and issuing refunds vary depending on which party is initiating the cancellation.</p><h2>Cancelling my trip</h2><p>Plans change and things come up, we understand that it happens. You can cancel your reservation at any time up to the <b>end date</b> of the reservation conveniently through your dashboard. Refunds will also automatically be processed depending on how far out your trip is and the host's chosen policy when you booked your stay, minus a processing fee. For special cases, please contact support.</p><p><b>Policy 1: Relaxed</b></p><p>As long as you cancel your reservation with at least 24 hours before the check in date, you will receive a full refund minus a processing fee. No refund will be issued for cancellations less than 24 hours before check in date or later.</p><p><b>Policy 2: Standard</b></p><p>As long as you cancel your reservation at least 3 days before your check in date, you will receive a full refund minus a processing fee. No refund will be issued for cancellations less than 3 days before the check in date or later.</p><p><b>Policy 3: Strict</b></p><p>As long as you cancel your reservation at least 7 days before your check in date, you will receive a full refund minus a processing fee. No refund will be issued for cancellations less than 7 days before the check in date or later.</p><h2>Cancelling as a host</h2><p>As the owner or manager of your property, it's important that hosts have the ability to cancel a reservation if needed. As such we have provided that ability through your listing dashboard. As part of creating your listing you will also be asked which policy (as listed above) you would like to use if a traveler initiates a cancellation. As a host, any cancellation you initiate before the <b>start</b>&nbsp;<b>date</b> of a reservation will issue a full refund to the traveler. Partial refunds are not automatically issued and are only paid out at the host or upCLOSE-RV's discretion.&nbsp;</p><h2>Other reasons for cancellation</h2><p>upCLOSE-RV staff may intervene when necessary and cancel reservations. While not limited to, this is especially the case for problematic travelers, hosts or listings. This is done for the safety of all parties physically, legally, financially or otherwise. All parties will be notified by email if staff elect to cancel a reservation, however a reason may or may not be given. Typically, full refunds will be issued automatically.</p><h2>Cancellation policy changes</h2><p>The cancellation policies are determined at the time of booking a reservation. If a host updates their cancellation policies, it will only apply to bookings made after the update. upCLOSE-RV staff may modify any of these policies at any point in time, but will notify affected parties of updates to these policies.&nbsp;</p>"
seo_title: Cancellation Policies
id: cb83ba52-4d79-4312-9051-fac0bf8b7815
